# Anspirit

IOT is our future. Everyday people create more and more smart devices. These devices are irreplaceable part of our lives. But how we use them? Every smart device means new app on your smartphone, desktop, smartwatch edc. Anspirit and qproject will connect all of them with each other using one simple ecosystem based on Rest API. Every device can control each other and get information from them. 

User will get voice, movement and gesture control under every device connected to ecosystem. User can simply say “Turn lamp on”, or just show on lamp and say “Turn on”. 
Also whole system can learn. Imagine that every time during week, after going to the gym you come home drink coffee and watch TV. Q will remember it and every time all of the specs are same as always (e.g. You come from gym and you are tired), it will make you a coffee and turn on your TV for you. Also user will get full access to change this schedule. It will be possible to change from Web App, Mobile App or qHub. User can get desktop and mobile app for free and use it! Users can download extensions and use it even without our hub. Buying qHub people will be able to talk with q without opening a laptop or taking out phone. Also after that user can connect much more devices to its system. Such as lamps.
	Developers will get free hosting for their extensions and awesome documentation. Also after getting permission they will be able to control users smart devices and get data from them. It will be totally free to be our developer. Developers will be provided with great API to add reactions to user's voice commands… 
